SDK documentation (#1971)
rainlanguage/rain.orderbook: packages/orderbook/README.md

// Here are some examples:

// Get the token information for this vault
const token = vault.token; // RaindexVaultToken

// Get the current balance for this vault (in token's smallest unit)
const balance = vault.balance; // string (e.g., "1000000" for 1 USDC with 6 decimals)

// Get the orders that use this vault as input (selling from this vault)
const inputOrders = vault.ordersAsInput; // RaindexOrderAsIO[]

// Get the orders that use this vault as output (buying into this vault)
const outputOrders = vault.ordersAsOutput; // RaindexOrderAsIO[]

// Get vault balance change history
const balanceChanges = await vault.getBalanceChanges(); // RaindexVaultBalanceChange[]

// More methods and properties are available in the RaindexVault class
```

### Get calldatas for vault deposit and withdraw

```javascript
// Helper function to convert token amounts to smallest unit
// Any other library can be used to format amounts, such as ethers.js or can be done manually
import { formatUnits } from 'viem';

// Get the vault using the raindex client
const vault = await raindexClient.getVault(14, "0x59401C93239a3D8956C7881f0dB45B5727241872", "0x01");

> // Get calldata to deposit tokens into this vault

Reviewer: someone might copy-paste examples from docs and then this would be an issue @findolor. plus, all the other places seem to handle that

const raindexClient = RaindexClient.new([YAML]);

// The client automatically connects to the configured subgraphs and RPCs
// No additional initialization is required
```

### Get all orders

```javascript
// Get all orders for all orderbooks in all networks
// Returns an array of RaindexOrder instances
const result = await raindexClient.getOrders();
if (result.error) {
  console.error("Failed to get orders:", result.error.readableMsg);
  return;
}
const orders = result.value; // RaindexOrder[]

// Get all orders for all orderbooks in selected networks
// Chain IDs reference: Ethereum (1), Polygon (137), Arbitrum (42161), Base (8453), Flare (14)
const selectedNetworks = [1, 137]; // Ethereum and Polygon
const filteredResult = await raindexClient.getOrders(selectedNetworks);
if (filteredResult.error) {
  console.error("Failed to get orders:", filteredResult.error.readableMsg);
  return;
}
const filteredOrders = filteredResult.value;

// Each order contains:
// - id: unique identifier
// - orderHash: the keccak256 hash of the order
// - owner: address that deployed the order
// - inputs: vaults that are sold

> // - outputs: vaults that are bought

Reviewer: vaults that are sold/bought might be confusing phrasing for someone getting started

Reviewer: Though I guess it's better explained further down the line

> // - inputs: vaults that are sold
> // - outputs: vaults that are bought

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// - inputs: vaults for tokens that can be sold by the order
// - outputs: vaults for tokens that can be bought by the order
```

> # Raindex SDK

Reviewer 2: would be good to have at least a few sentences about what raindex is

> A TypeScript/JavaScript SDK for interacting with orderbook contracts, providing comprehensive functionality for order management, configuration parsing, and blockchain interactions.

Reviewer 2: let's be specific that they are Raindex Orderbook contracts

## Overview

This SDK provides Rust-powered WebAssembly bindings for orderbook functionality, enabling developers to:

> - Parse and validate YAML configuration files

Reviewer 2: what for? what are yaml configuration files?

> - Generate order hashes and calldata

Reviewer 2: is generating order hashes really key functionality?

Author: i'll rework this section

> - Interact with orderbook contracts

Reviewer 2: such as?

> - Handle complex order operations and quotes

Reviewer 2: such as?

// The client automatically connects to the configured subgraphs and RPCs
// No additional initialization is required
```

### Get all orders

```javascript
// Get all orders for all orderbooks in all networks
// Returns an array of RaindexOrder instances
const result = await raindexClient.getOrders();
if (result.error) {
  console.error("Failed to get orders:", result.error.readableMsg);
  return;
}
const orders = result.value; // RaindexOrder[]

// Get all orders for all orderbooks in selected networks
// Chain IDs reference: Ethereum (1), Polygon (137), Arbitrum (42161), Base (8453), Flare (14)
const selectedNetworks = [1, 137]; // Ethereum and Polygon
const filteredResult = await raindexClient.getOrders(selectedNetworks);
if (filteredResult.error) {
  console.error("Failed to get orders:", filteredResult.error.readableMsg);
  return;
}
const filteredOrders = filteredResult.value;

// Each order contains:
// - id: unique identifier
// - orderHash: the keccak256 hash of the order
// - owner: address that deployed the order
// - inputs: vaults for tokens that can be sold by the order
// - outputs: vaults for tokens that can be bought by the order

> // - vaults: all the vaults combined from inputs and outputs

Author: which testers? what are you even talking about
